---
exchange: kraken
source_url: https://docs.kraken.com/api/docs/fix-api/er-fix
api_type: REST
updated_at: 2026-05-27 19:42:16.528738
---

# Execution Report

As soon as Kraken Trading Engine accepts the order, all order responses will be sent using the Execution Report message. This includes any fills, order status changes and confirmation of cancellation.

  * FIX Specification
  * Spot Example
  * Futures Example

### MESSAGE BODY

**header** `` *required*

MsgType `8`

**11 - ClOrdID** string required

Unique identifier of the order. 

**41 - OrigClordid** string conditional

**Condition:** exectype=Cancel 

Clordid of the previous action on this order. 

**17 - ExecId** string required

Unique identifier for each execution report message. 

**37 - OrderID** string required

Unique order identifier generated by Kraken. 

**527 - SecondaryExecID** integer conditional

**Condition:** ExecType=Trade 

Sequence number for every ExecType=Trade. This ID unique by pair. 

**60 - TransactTime** string

**Format:** YYYYMMDD-HH:MM:SS.uuu

Time of event expressed in UTC. 

**40 - OrderType** char required

The execution model of the order. For triggered orders, after the trigger the OrderType will reflect the new execution model of the order (market or limit).

**Possible values:**
  * `1` : market
  * `2` : Limit
  * `3` : Stop-loss
  * `4` : Stop-loss-limit
  * `R` : Take-profit
  * `T` : Take-profit-limit
  * `U` : Trailing-stop
  * `V` : Trailing-stop-limit

**54 - Side** integer required

Side of the order.

**Possible values:**
  * `1` : Buy
  * `2` : Sell

**55 - Symbol** string required

Pair in the format BASE/QUOTE. 

**44 - Price** float conditional

**Condition:** OrderType=Limit/Stop-Loss-Limit/Take-Profit-Limit/Trailing-stop-limit 

Limit Price of the order placed in the Order Book. This field is denominated in Quote Currency.

**99 - StopPx** float conditional

**Condition:** OrderType=Stop-Loss/Take-Profit/Stop-Loss-Limit/Trailing-stop/Trailing-stop-limit 

Stop Price for a Stop-Loss/Take-Profit/Stop-Loss-Limit or Take-Profit-Limit order. This field is denominated in Quote Currency.

**31 - LastPx** float conditional

**Condition:** ExecType=Trade 

Price of the trade. 

**6 - AvgPx** float conditional

**Condition:** ExecType=Trade 

Avg price of all trades on the order. 

**1102 - TriggerPrice** float

Price that triggered for stop-loss, take-profit, stop-loss-limit, take-profit-limit, trailing_stop or trailing_stop_limit. It can be different than the StopPx. 

**14 - CumQty** float required

Total quantity filled on the order so far. 

**32 - LastQty** float conditional

**Condition:** ExecType=Trade 

Quantity bought/sold on last trade. 

**151 - LeavesQty** float required

Quantity left on the order on the Book.

**38 - OrderQty** float required

Size of the original order. 

**1138 - DisplayQty** float

Iceberg qty of the original order. 

**150 - ExecType** char required

Describes the type of order event and determines the set of fields in the message.

**Possible Values:**
  * `0` : New - Order has been created and is live in the engine. 
  * `4` : Canceled - The order has been cancelled.
  * `5` : Replace - The order has been replaced.
  * `A` : Pending New - : Order request has been received and validated but the order is not live yet. Possible when EffectiveTime (Tag 168) is used on the New Order
  * `C` : Expired - The order has expired.
  * `D` : Restated - The order has changed like a trigger event
  * `F` : Trade - The order has received a fill.
  * `I` : Order Status - In response to an [Order Status Request](./osr-fix)

**39 - OrdStatus** char required

Describes the status of the order.

**Possible Values:**
  * `0` : New - Order is live in the engine with no fills.
  * `1` : Partially Filled - Order is live in the engine with fills.
  * `2` : Filled - Order is fully filled and closed.
  * `4` : Canceled - Order is cancelled and closed.
  * `5` : Replaced - Order is Replaced succesfully
  * `A` : Pending New - Order is not live yet. For example when EffectiveTime is used.
  * `C` : Expired - Order is expired and closed.
  * `E` : Pending Replace - New parameter of the replace are not live yet. For example when EffectiveTime is used or a trade was in flight during the replacerequest. 

**58 - Text** string

Full description for Cancellations or status of the order. 

**59 - TimeInForce** string required

**Possible Values:**
  * `1` : GTC (Good till canceled)
  * `3` : IOC (Immediate or Cancel)
  * `6` : GTD (Good till date)

**136 - NoMiscFee** integer

`1` where a fee is applicable or not present. 

**137 - MiscFeeAmt** float

Absolute fee value present on Fill Reports. Fee are cumulative from the previous trades. 

**138 - MiscFeeCurr** string

Fee Asset 

**139 - MiscFeeType** integer

**Possible values:**
  * `4` : Exchange Fee

**891 - MiscFeeBasis** string

Define how the fee is charged.

**Possible values:**
  * `2` : Percentage

**381 - GrossTradeAmt** float

Cum Cost of the Trade (CumQty*AvgPx).

**118 - NetMoney** float

Cost of a Single Trade (LastQty*LastPx).) 

**1003 - TradeID** string conditional

**Condition:** ExecType=Trade 

Unique ID that identifies the trade at exchange. 

**5050 - LiquidityInd** string conditional

**Condition:** ExecType=Trade 

Define if the trade was from a maker or taker order.

**Possible values:**
  * `0` : Maker
  * `1` : Taker

**78 - NoAllocs** integer

Number of subaccount that are part of the order. Always 1 for the broker accounts.

**79 - AllocAccount** String

Account ID of the Subaccount that this order is targeted to. Only available for broker accounts. Please contact your AM for further questions.

**378 - ExecRestatementReason** char

It can happen in some scenario that trades are not reported in time through the FIX API. In that case the FIX API will detect it and send a ExecType=Restated execution report and use ExecRestatementReason to warn the client.

**Possible values:**
  * `3` : Repricing of Order

**trailer** `` *required*
    
    
    8=FIX.4.4|9=264|35=8|34=2|49=KRAKEN-TRD|52=20230707-13:56:08.717|56=MYCOMPID|6=0.0|11=1688738168|14=0.0|17=PAM2QZA:2S2P7SDKTJXRO|37=OKWUQF-YPJM2-DTAJHH|38=0.01|39=A|40=2|44=1000.0|54=1|55=BTC/USD|58=buy 0.01 BTC/USD @ limit 1000|59=1|60=20230707-13:56:08.695|150=A|151=0.01|381=0.0|10=126|  
    
    
    
    8=FIX.4.4|9=323|35=8|34=2|49=KRAKEN-DRV-TRD|52=20250303-14:09:33.002|56=MYCOMPID_DRV|6=0.0|11=9e58120f-182b-4dce-9609-8ca7cdd174f0|14=0.0|17=6B2NDTNHRQAAA:KXL5Y42BKAURQ|37=9e58120f-40e0-44dc-beec-6d1b5ea9136c|38=0.1|39=0|40=2|44=1000.0|54=1|55=PF_ETHUSD|58=buy 0.1 PF_ETHUSD @ limit 1000|59=1|60=20250303-14:09:33.001|150=0|151=0.1|381=0.0|10=032|