---
exchange: kraken
source_url: https://docs.kraken.com/api/docs/rest-api/add-order-batch
api_type: REST
updated_at: 2026-05-27 20:00:18.922958
---

# Add Order Batch

**POST** `https://api.kraken.com/0/private/AddOrderBatch`

Sends a collection of orders (minimum of 2 and maximum 15):

  * Validation is performed on the whole batch prior to submission to the engine. If an order fails validation, the whole batch will be rejected.
  * On submission to the engine, if an order fails pre-match checks (i.e. funding), then the individual order will be rejected and remainder of the batch will be processed.
  * All orders in batch are limited to a single pair.

**Note** : See the [AssetPairs](/api/docs/rest-api/get-tradable-asset-pairs) endpoint for details on the available trading pairs, their price and quantity precisions, order minimums, available leverage, etc.

**API Key Permissions Required:** `Orders and trades - Create & modify orders` and `Orders and trades - Cancel & close orders`

## Request

  * application/json

### Body**required**

**nonce** `integer<int64>` *required*

Nonce used in construction of `API-Sign` header

**orders** `object[]` *required*

  * Array [

    ↳ **userref** `integer<int32>`

User reference id `userref` is an optional user-specified integer id that can be associated with any number of orders. Many clients choose a `userref` corresponding to a unique integer id generated by their systems (e.g. a timestamp). However, because we don't enforce uniqueness on our side, it can also be used to easily group orders by pair, side, strategy, etc. This allows clients to more readily cancel or query information about orders in a particular group, with fewer API calls by using `userref` instead of our `txid`, where supported.

    ↳ **cl_ord_id** `string`

Adds an alphanumeric client order identifier which uniquely identifies an open order for each client. This field is mutually exclusive with `userref` parameter.

The `cl_ord_id` parameter can be one of the following formats:
* Long UUID: `6d1b345e-2821-40e2-ad83-4ecb18a06876` 32 hex characters separated with 4 dashes.
* Short UUID: `da8e4ad59b78481c93e589746b0cf91f` 32 hex characters with no dashes.
* Free text: `arb-20240509-00010` Free format ascii text up to 18 characters.

    ↳ **ordertype** `string` *required*

Order type

**Possible values:** [`market`, `limit`, `iceberg`, `stop-loss`, `take-profit`, `stop-loss-limit`, `take-profit-limit`, `trailing-stop`, `trailing-stop-limit`, `settle-position`]

    ↳ **type** `string` *required*

Order direction (buy/sell)

**Possible values:** [`buy`, `sell`]

    ↳ **volume** `string` *required*

Order quantity in terms of the base asset

> Note: Volume can be specified as `0` for closing margin orders to automatically fill the requisite quantity.

    ↳ **displayvol** `string`

For `iceberg` orders only, it defines the quantity to show in the book while the rest of order quantity remains hidden. Minimum value is 1 / 15 of `volume`.

    ↳ **price** `string`

Price:
* Limit price for `limit` and `iceberg` orders
* Trigger price for `stop-loss`, `stop-loss-limit`, `take-profit`, and `take-profit-limit` orders

Notes:
* Relative Prices: Either `price` or `price2` can be preceded by `+`, `-`, or `#` to specify the order price as an offset relative to the last traded price. `+` adds the amount to, and `-` subtracts the amount from the last traded price. `#` will either add or subtract the amount to the last traded price, depending on the direction and order type used. Prices can also be suffixed with a `%` to signify the relative amount as a percentage, rather than an absolute price difference.

**price2** string

Secondary Price:
* Limit price for `stop-loss-limit` and `take-profit-limit`

    ↳ **trigger** `string`

Price signal used to trigger `stop-loss`, `stop-loss-limit`, `take-profit`, and `take-profit-limit` orders Notes:
* To keep triggers serviceable, the last price will be used as fallback reference price during connectivity issues with external index feeds.

**Possible values:** [`index`, `last`]

**Default value:**`last`

    ↳ **leverage** `string`

Amount of leverage desired (default: none)

    ↳ **reduce_only** `boolean`

If `true`, order will only reduce a currently open position, not increase it or open a new position.

**Default value:**`false`

    ↳ **stptype** `string`

Self trade prevention behaviour definition:
* `cancel-newest` \- if self trade is triggered, arriving order will be canceled
* `cancel-oldest` \- if self trade is triggered, resting order will be canceled
* `cancel-both` \- if self trade is triggered, both arriving and resting orders will be canceled

**Possible values:** [`cancel-newest`, `cancel-oldest`, `cancel-both`]

**Default value:**`cancel-newest`

    ↳ **oflags** `oflags (string)`

Comma delimited list of order flags
* • `post` post-only order (available when ordertype = limit)
* • `fcib` prefer fee in base currency (default if selling)
* • `fciq` prefer fee in quote currency (default if buying, mutually exclusive with `fcib`)
* • `nompp` (DEPRECATED) — disabling Market Price Protection for market orders is no longer supported. If supplied, the flag is accepted but ignored.
* • `viqc` order volume expressed in quote currency. This option is supported only for buy market orders. Also not available on margin orders.

**Example:**`post`

    ↳ **timeinforce** `string`

Time-in-force of the order to specify how long it should remain in the order book before being cancelled. GTC (Good-'til-cancelled) is default if the parameter is omitted. IOC (immediate-or-cancel) will immediately execute the amount possible and cancel any remaining balance rather than resting in the book. FOK (fill-or-kill) will execute the order in full immediately or cancel it entirely without any partial fill. GTD (good-'til-date), if specified, must coincide with a desired `expiretm`.

**Possible values:** [`GTC`, `IOC`, `FOK`, `GTD`]

**Default value:**`GTC`

    ↳ **starttm** `string`

Scheduled start time, can be specified as an absolute timestamp or as a number of seconds in the future:
* `0` now (default)
* `+<n>` schedule start time  seconds from now
* `<n>` = unix timestamp of start time

    ↳ **expiretm** `string`

Expiry time on GTD orders can be set up to one month in future, it is specified as an absolute timestamp or as a number of seconds from now:
* `0` no expiration (default)
* `+<n>` = expire  seconds from now, minimum 5 seconds
* `<n>` = unix timestamp of expiration time

  * ]

    ↳ **pair** `string` *required*

Asset pair `id` or `altname`

    ↳ **asset_class** `string`

This parameter is required on requests for non-crypto pairs, i.e. use `tokenized_asset` for xstocks.

**Possible values:** [`tokenized_asset`]

    ↳ **deadline** `string`

RFC3339 timestamp (e.g. 2021-04-01T00:18:45Z) after which the matching engine should reject the new order request, in presence of latency or order queueing. min now() + 2 seconds, max now() + 60 seconds.

    ↳ **validate** `boolean`

Validate inputs only. Do not submit order.

**Default value:**`false`

    ↳ **broker** `stringnullable`

Broker IIBAN (Partner's Kraken IIBAN)

## Responses

  * 200

The order of returned `orders` in the response array is the same as the order of the order list sent in request.

  * application/json
* Schema
  * Limits, one with conditional stop-loss

**Schema**

**result** `object`

    ↳ **orders** `object[]`

  * Array [

        ↳ **descr** `object`

Order description info

            ↳ **order** `string`

**error** `string`

Error description from individual order processing

**txid** `string`

Transaction ID for order   
(if order was added successfully)

  * ]

**error** `array[]`

    
    
    {  
      "error": [],  
      "result": {  
        "orders": [  
          {  
            "txid": "O5OR23-ADFAD-Y2G61C",  
            "descr": {  
              "order": "buy 0.80300000 XBTUSD @ limit 28300.0"  
            },  
            "close": "close position @ stop loss 27000.0 -> limit 26000.0"  
          },  
          {  
            "txid": "9K6KFS-5H3PL-XBRC7A",  
            "descr": {  
              "order": "sell 0.10500000 XBTUSD @ limit 36000.0"  
            }  
          }  
        ]  
      }  
    }  
* curl
  * python
  * go
  * nodejs
* CURL

    
    
    curl -L 'https://api.kraken.com/0/private/AddOrderBatch' \  
    -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \  
    -H 'Accept: application/json' \  
    -H 'API-Key: <API-Key>' \  
    -H 'API-Sign: <API-Sign>' \  
    -d '{  
      "nonce": 1695828490,  
      "orders": [  
        {  
          "close": {  
            "ordertype": "stop-loss-limit",  
            "price": "37000",  
            "price2": "36000"  
          },  
          "ordertype": "limit",  
          "price": "40000",  
          "price2": "string",  
          "timeinforce": "GTC",  
          "type": "buy",  
          "cl_ord_id": "6d1b345e-2821-40e2-ad83-4ecb18a06876",  
          "volume": "1.2"  
        },  
        {  
          "ordertype": "limit",  
          "price": "42000",  
          "starttm": "string",  
          "timeinforce": "GTC",  
          "type": "sell",  
          "cl_ord_id": "da8e4ad59b78481c93e589746b0cf91",  
          "volume": "1.2"  
        }  
      ],  
      "pair": "BTC/USD",  
      "validate": false,  
      "deadline": "2023-09-24T14:15:22Z"  
    }'  
    

Request Collapse all

Base URL

https://api.kraken.com/0

Auth

API-Key

API-Sign

Body required
    
    
    {
      "nonce": 1695828490,
      "orders": [
        {
          "close": {
            "ordertype": "stop-loss-limit",
            "price": "37000",
            "price2": "36000"
          },
          "ordertype": "limit",
          "price": "40000",
          "price2": "string",
          "timeinforce": "GTC",
          "type": "buy",
          "cl_ord_id": "6d1b345e-2821-40e2-ad83-4ecb18a06876",
          "volume": "1.2"
        },
        {
          "ordertype": "limit",
          "price": "42000",
          "starttm": "string",
          "timeinforce": "GTC",
          "type": "sell",
          "cl_ord_id": "da8e4ad59b78481c93e589746b0cf91",
          "volume": "1.2"
        }
      ],
      "pair": "BTC/USD",
      "validate": false,
      "deadline": "2023-09-24T14:15:22Z"
    }